TODO.md, before:

# TODO

- [ ] revamp home page
- [ ] add featured music
- [ ] cal.com redirect
- [ ] add page navigation on chat
- [ ] update skills on home page
- [ ] projects don't render on home page
- [ ] add breadcrumbs for page navigation
- [ ] add blog to navlinks
- [ ] projet page needs a back button
- [ ] add work gallery
- [ ] add hover animation to nav links
- [x] fix navbar links
- [x] fix experience page and navbar links
- [x] update experience page
- [x] add projects page
- [x] fix project tile alignment
- [x] add audio page
- [x] add education page
- [x] add contact page
- [x] add testimonials page
- [x] add blog page
- [x] add about page
- [ ] Add different types of transition providers (like cozy, modern, )
- [ ] Add different types of loader types (like cozy, modern, )
- [ ] Redesign the about section
- [ ] Integrate with the new shadcn cli as portfolio components to install
- [ ] Refactor to use frozen router, to add ability to go back and still have exit
      animations, https://github.com/FunTechInc/mekuri
- [ ] Revert to default font for portfolio, but use the different font for about page
- [ ] Add a guide to create and setup email handling, w/ turnstile
- [ ] Make turnstile optional
- [ ] Add a comment system, like fuma-comments (check if it is compatible with drizzle orm)
- [ ] Fix turnstile, it is not working properly and implement in all veairns
- Add sitemap
- Add og for each blog page, and project page

Commit message:

feat: add SDXL image generation feature and remove auth
- Add SDXL image generation component and API route
- Remove Clerk authentication
- Update TODO list with new tasks
- Add new project to gallery config
- Update environment variable examples
- Fix linting issues and improve image loading with Next.js Image component

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

- [ ] revamp home page
- [ ] add featured music
- [ ] cal.com redirect
- [ ] add page navigation on chat
- [ ] update skills on home page
- [ ] projects don't render on home page
- [ ] projects need to navigate to their own page
- [ ] add breadcrumbs for page navigation
- [ ] add blog to navlinks
- [ ] projet page needs a back button
- [ ] add work gallery
- [ ] add hover animation to nav links
- [ ] update code to match resume & cover letter
- [x] fix navbar links
- [x] fix experience page and navbar links
- [x] update experience page
- [x] add projects page
- [x] fix project tile alignment
- [x] add audio page
- [x] add education page
- [x] add contact page
- [x] add testimonials page
- [x] add blog page
- [x] add about page
- [ ] Add different types of transition providers (like cozy, modern, )
- [ ] Add different types of loader types (like cozy, modern, )
- [ ] Redesign the about section
- [ ] Integrate with the new shadcn cli as portfolio components to install
- [ ] Refactor to use frozen router, to add ability to go back and still have exit
      animations, https://github.com/FunTechInc/mekuri
- [ ] Revert to default font for portfolio, but use the different font for about page
- [ ] Add a guide to create and setup email handling, w/ turnstile
- [ ] Make turnstile optional
- [ ] Add a comment system, like fuma-comments (check if it is compatible with drizzle orm)
- [ ] Fix turnstile, it is not working properly and implement in all veairns
- Add sitemap
- Add og for each blog page, and project page
